---
id: ctftutorial12
title: Transferring to EOA addresses
sidebar_label: Transferring to EOA addresses
description:
---
<div class="resp-container">
    <iframe class="resp-iframe" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/uZNWq07Y4Ag?start=705" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

---



So having talked about splitting and merging positions on the conditional tokens contract, we can also now move to the aspect of conditional tokens that make it tokens in the sense that you can send these tokens to another account or receive them from another account. So since the conditional tokens follow the ERC 1155 standard, there are certain methods to find on that standard that are intended for transferring tokens that have been implemented on the conditional tokens contract. These methods are safe transfer from and safe batch transfer from you can read more about these methods on the ERC 1155 specifications. Anyway, this primary account we've been working with has a number of conditional tokens with various position IDs. We can use safe transfer from or safe bath transfer from to transfer these conditional tokens to different accounts. Let's first start with the case where we're transferring to an externally owned account. We can check to see, for example, that the primary account at this point has 40 units of the conditional token that pays out in T one when A occurs and low Occurs. Let's transfer this conditional token to a different account. So in order to do that, we get this conditional tokens Position ID or its ERC 1155 ID. And we supply as the ID in the safe transfer from transaction. Since we have 40 of this token, let's send, say, 20 of the token to a different account. You also have to specify from and to. Notice that we can transfer from an account that is not our own. This is similar to the transfer from method available on the ERC 20 tokens standard in that an allowance has to be made for some accounts transfer on behalf of some other account. However, in the case of ERC 1155 that allowances are set with an set approval for all method. For this particular transaction, we will not use set approval for all since we'll be transferring from the account itself. So what I mean by that is we will transfer from this primary account and we will make sure that this is the account that is executing the transaction. So this account is the message sender in the transaction. Let's say the second account in our list of accounts is the receiver. And so we will fill in the address of that account in the to field. Recall earlier that the ID is the position ID of the conditional tokens you're trying to transfer. Amount is the amount of tokens to be transferred. So in this case, 20 units. For a data field we will ignore this for now, just specify empty bytes. It's important for the message sender of this transaction to be authorized to perform the transfer from. If this is not the case of transfer from would fail. So just make sure that the sender of the transaction is the same as the owner of the conditional tokens. This way, attempting this safe transfer from will succeed. Once the safe transfer from has been performed, The amount of the token that has been transferred from this account will be deducted from its balance. So we checked the balance of the token being transferred On this account, we'd see that has been reduced from 40 to 20. Similarly, 40 recipients account or the account specified in the to field We checked that accounts balance. We'd see that the account balance has been increased from 0 to 20.
